http://www.reddit.com/r/programming+compsci+learnprogramming+/.rss CS
http://www.reddit.com/r/Python+C_Programming+c_language/.rss CS
http://feeds.feedburner.com/catonmat CS
http://terrytao.wordpress.com/feed/ CS
http://blog.computationalcomplexity.org/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss CS
http://feeds.feedburner.com/daniel-lemire/atom CS
http://rjlipton.wordpress.com/feed/ CS
http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/rss.xml CS
http://cacm.acm.org/blogs/blog-cacm.rss CS
http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/gJZg CS
http://math.stackexchange.com/feeds/month CS
http://cstheory.stackexchange.com/feeds/month CS

https://hacks.mozilla.org/feed/ development

http://serverfault.com/feeds/featured sysadmin
http://superuser.com/feeds/month sysadmin
http://unix.stackexchange.com/feeds/featured sysadmin
http://blog.pfsense.org/?feed=rss2 sysadmin
http://gallir.wordpress.com/feed/ sysadmin
http://linuxmantra.com/feed sysadmin
http://linuxsuperuser07.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/arabesqueblog sysadmin
http://planet.freedesktop.org/atom.xml sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/linuxcommando sysadmin
http://webstersprodigy.net/feed/ sysadmin
http://www.devttys0.com/feed/ sysadmin
http://www.schneier.com/blog/atom.xml sysadmin
http://krebsonsecurity.com/feed/atom/ sysadmin
http://lowlevelhardware.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss sysadmin
