http://feeds.feedburner.com/gaussianos A-feed science
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ProblemasMatemticos A-feed science
http://solumate.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default A-feed science
http://blogs.elpais.com/apuntes-cientificos-mit/atom.xml A-feed science
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/CienciaKanija A-feed science
http://vicente1064.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default A-feed science
http://feeds.feedburner.com/historiasdelaciencia A-feed science
http://labellateoria.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default A-feed science
http://feeds.feedburner.com/eliatron A-feed science
http://feeds.feedburner.com/naukas A-feed science
http://www.quo.es/rss/feed/ciencia A-feed science
http://blogs.eldiariomontanes.es/scientia-mater/feed/ A-feed science
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/ElTamiz A-feed science
http://www.lapizarradeyuri.com/feed/ A-feed science

http://serverfault.com/feeds/featured A-feed stackexchange
http://superuser.com/feeds/month A-feed stachexchange
http://unix.stackexchange.com/feeds/featured A-feed stackexchange

http://aprendeinglessila.com/feed/ B-feed fun
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/braingle/all B-feed fun
http://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/base/users/minutephysics/uploads?alt=rss&v=2&orderby=published&client=ytapi-youtube-profile B-feed fun
http://mundowdg.com/blog/feed/ B-feed fun

http://www.feedrinse.com/services/channel/?chanurl=c0db9795c12e142029a3d98109b9a5e4 B-feed courses

http://feeds.feedburner.com/obamaworld B-feed "world news"
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/tech-policy B-feed "world news"

http://blog.pfsense.org/?feed=rss2 B-feed admin
http://gallir.wordpress.com/feed/ B-feed admin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/saynotomicrosoft B-feed admin
http://linuxsuperuser07.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss B-feed admin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/arabesqueblog B-feed admin
http://planet.freedesktop.org/atom.xml B-feed admin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/linuxcommando B-feed admin

https://hacks.mozilla.org/feed/ B-feed "dev news/blog"

http://webstersprodigy.net/feed/ B-feed security
http://www.devttys0.com/feed/ B-feed security
http://www.schneier.com/blog/atom.xml B-feed security
http://krebsonsecurity.com/feed/atom/ B-feed security

http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/laboro C-feed random
http://historiasdelahistoria.com/feed C-feed random
http://lowlevelhardware.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss C-feed random
